目前60K，希望找中小型RETAIL 行业，不低于目前TITLE，英语OK，人比较NICE,KATHY , 130301

Allan Chen’s Resume
Basic Info.
Name: Allan Chen
Mobile Phone: (86)18019263069			Email: allance.chan@gmail.com
Gender: Male					Date of Birth: 04/19/1978

Work Experience
10/2011 - Now: Under Armour Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd
Industry: Retail – Sports
Position: Finance Controller – Greater China			
Report to: VP – Greater China, Corporate CFO
Under Armour China is founded in 2010. I’m the 1st accounting and finance person of this company. I’m also the number 5 employee who participated the whole company’s building process. I play a key role in management team and is in charge of accounting, tax, internal control, FP&A, legal, HR and administration functions currently. I work with business department to fight for the ultimate goal of this company. 
Some of my responsibilities were listed beneath:
Accounting, Tax & Internal Control:
1.	From Oct. 2011 to Sep. 2012, work with outsourcing team to make sure the daily booking and monthly closing procedure are accurate and timely.
2.	Set up variant business process and policies to meet the company’s situation and lower the risk. Design and creating different forms for different purposes.
3.	Break with outsourcing firm and build in-house accounting team successfully in Sep. 2012. Accounting and tax functions were fully taken back from external firm.
4.	Monitor daily accounting tasks including AR and AP processing. Arrange payments to reduce cash flow burden.
5.	Manage inventory including inbound and outbound shipment control. Work with warehouse to ensure the accuracy of inventory.
6.	Set up credit management process and control AR is settled timely and fully.
7.	Set up purchase policy, control and approve PO requests to make sure the company’s expenditure is within the budget.
8.	Review payroll calculation and release salary on payroll date exactly.
9.	Review and approve monthly financial statement before submission to corporate.
10.	Review tax return procedure including VAT, EIT etc. per monthly, quarterly and annually.
11.	Work with CPA for annual audit to ensure the audit report is clean.
12.	Work with external partner to perform company’s annual joint examination by different local authorities.
13.	Control client and vendor set up procedure. Review customer’s credit record at the end of each month.
14.	Work with business department including retail store, distribution, wholesale, e-Commerce with respect to any accounting issue.
FP&A:
1.	Design local profit center and cost center used for planning to manage the actuals.
2.	Prepare annual budget and update per quarterly basis. Prepare long-term finance planning for upcoming 3 years.
3.	Prepare capex plan and approve capex application by reviewing model P&L.
4.	Review model store P&L to evaluate the possibility and profitability of new opportunity.
5.	Create and review distributor model P&L to define business term strategy. l
6.	Review and provide thoughts on monthly analysis report of comparison of budget versus actuals.
7.	Review finance factors on B/S sheet to make the company more health on finance performance.
8.	Capital management and forecast future cash flow. Work with corporate to get enough investment to meet business needs.
Legal:
1.	Review each contract. Work with external law counsel to reduce the business risk, reduce cash burden and meet tax law requirement.
2.	Sign major contracts and monitor the execution.
HR & Administration:
1.	Create HR process and policy.
2.	Review head count request from all departments.
3.	Coordinate new employee recruiting process, set up employee profile.
4.	Coordinate termination process to make everything clean.
5.	Review and approve OT record and leave application.
6.	Monitor office administration issue. Control office expenditure to reduce the cost.

05/2011 - 08/2011: Trafigura Trading (Shanghai) CO., Ltd
Industry: Bulk Commodity Trader
Position: Finance Manager, Accounting & Finance Department
The general duties of this position were:
1.	Monitor daily accounting work like AR, AP etc.
2.	Monthly group reporting of TTS, which includes but not limited to
a.	Copy all bookings from local ledger to group ledger.
b.	Identify the differences of China GAAP and group accounting policies, make certain adjustments accordingly on statutory reports to get the reports for group reporting purpose.
c.	Compare accounting PL with management PL prepared by deal desk and analyze the differences;
d.	Upload group ledger figures to Hyperion and produce Hyperion schedules;
e.	Analyze monthly movement of balance sheet and P&L;
f.	Prepare other group reports on request;
3.	Liquidation of TTS concentrates trades, which includes the following tasks:
a.	Compare accounting PL with the PL provided by operators and deal desk for deals finalized in the month.
b.	Analyze the differences and get them confirmed by operators/traders and deal desk.
c.	Summarize the liquidation differences on a monthly basis.
d.	Report the liquidation differences for parcels purchased from TBV/TAG to group concentrates liquidation team.
4.	Prepare annual budget and update per quarterly basis. 
5.	Prepare analysis report to compare budget versus actual and provide thoughts from accounting perspective.

05/2007 – 04/2011: Deloitte Touché Tohmatsu CPA Ltd.
Industry: Accounting, Auditing
Position: Audit Department Senior Auditor
Working at assurance and advisory service department. General duties are:
1.	Annual financial report audit.
2.	Quarterly, half year or year-end financial report review.
3.	IPO audit etc.
With around 4 years of working in Deloitte and serving these clients, I have accumulated deep understandings of accounting and reporting knowledge together with business cycles management of different industry. By applying my experience, now I can offer my recommendations and improvements to my clients and provide value-added service.
Normally I play AIC(Audit in charge) role for most engagements. The detail work process includes:
a.	New client acceptance check, risk and conflicts investment. 
b.	Prepare audit plan.
c.	Lead audit team to perform field work.
d.	Assign job to team members, guide and review staff's working paper.
e.	Get full and deep understanding of inventory costing method of client, perform walk-through testing.
f.	Summarize audit issues and prepare audit adjustments base on nature and quantity of mistakes identified. 
g.	Summarize the tax issued, answer tax questions from tax review form given by Deloitte tax department. Communicate tax issues with clients. Provide tax suggestion to clients for business.
h.	Communicate with client's management about audit issues and adjustments, offer management letter of proposal.
i.	Draft audit report.

07/2003 – 04/2007: ITOCHU Group-IT Creation and Initiative(Shanghai)CO., Ltd
Industry: Computer Services
Position: Eastern China Accounting Supervisor
ITCI is a business solution provider with solid know-how and expertise in IT. Fostered by ITOCHU Corporation ' s successful extension in the Asia/China region. Main responsibilities were:
1.	Processing journal entries, invoice, payment, maintaining fixed assets, general-ledger closing and preparing financial report etc.
2.	Participate credit meeting, assess credit risk of clients etc.
3.	Assist to make budgets of all departments.
4.	Communicate with sales department and provide comprehensive finance analysis to management.

Education
1998/9--2003/7 HeFei University of Technology 
Degree: Bachelor 

Qualification & Certificates
CICPA
AICPA.

Language Skills
English – Fluent both in writting and speaking

