






Candidate Report
Ref. No. APFM20150216






Candidate Name: James Lu (翻縞滄)
Position: Finance Manager
Prepared for client: Audemars Piguet







Prepared By: Icy Lv
Date: 2015/2/16

This file contains confidential information and must not be illegally copied or transmitted to third parties. This information must be kept strictly confidential. It is imperative that our clients do not check references without our specific authorization.
 

Background Information

Personal Information
Name	James Lu (翻縞滄)
Gender	Male
Birth of Year	1978/10/27
Current Location	Shanghai
Nationality	Chinese
Availability 	1 month

Education 

2006/06 每 2009/08	Auckland University of Technology New Zealand
Master, Financial Management
2001/02 每 2003/06 	Waikato University New Zealand
Bachelor, Financial Management
(SISU International Student Program,3 years in SISU, 2 years in New Zealand)
1998/08 每 2001/02 	Shanghai International Studies University (SISU)
Bachelor, Financial Management

Employment Summary

2014/01 每 Present	Yum China (KFC)                                                       Finance Planning Manager
2012/06 每 2014/01	Unilever Shanghai
Assistant Finance Manager (North Asia)
2010/02 每 2012/05	PwC Consultants (Shenzhen) Limited Shanghai Branch
Senior Consultant
2006/02 每 2010/02	New Zealand Telecom Orb Communications Ltd
Accounting Manager
2003/07 每 2005/12	New Zealand Inland Revenue Department                                  Tax Consultant

Motivation to move
	He is looking for a more international organization to develop

Current Compensation & Benefit

Salary Structure	Before tax (Basic 22K+1.5K transport subsidy) * 12month + 2 months bonus
Expectation
	20% Increase

 

Professional Experience
2014/01 每 Present	Yum China (KFC)
	Finance Planning Manager
Responsibilities:
1.	Led KFC breakfast AOP & QxF sales process of worth approx 2.8billion consolidation of 16 markets business. Design the methodology and include P&L reporting, products, projects, post financial review etc., Windows include egg pancake launch, burgers thematic and breakfast thematic and other various promotions;
2.	Responsible for KFC Kids Meal and premium of approx 100million include the menu profitability and windows performance review;
3.	Monitored daily, weekly and monthly sales trend and Profit & Loss, and led sales rolling forecast. Good command, review and approval of overall marketing campaigns＊ impact and relationship to the sales trend;
4.	Led weekly/sales monthly review with senior management;
5.	Constant financial modeling setup for business decision making, e.g. forecast model, Index monitoring, Pricing tracking, Regression analysis, IRR models. In addition, manage and consolidate complex financial analysis system, e.g. Hyperion, DWBI and Essbase
6.	Assessed risk for marketing initiated projects, unveil consumer insights (nationally and geographically) and offer suggestions to marketing team;
7.	Constantly provided ad hoc sales and other financial analysis such as holiday performance analysis etc.

Report to: Associate Director (who Reports to Director)
Subordinates: 1 junior staff and 16 markets financial analysts on breakfast section
Motivation to move: KFC＊s management style is local; he expects to move to a more international organization.

2012/06 每 2014/01	Unilever Shanghai
	Assistant Finance Manager 每 North Asia (China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Japan, and Korea)
Responsibilities:
1.	Responsible for North Asia Operating Center establishment for the Greater China (CN, HK, TW, JP, KR) including recruiting and team setup;
2.	Led in KPI and implement compliance and standards on P2P metrics, i.e. Aging report, GR/IR clearing, manual claims etc.,;
3.	Provided sound analysis and practical solutions for centralized P2P financial support and processes in aligning with Global strategy, standards and corporate governance;
4.	Responsible for monthly and quarterly end financial closing for the legal entities (23 legal entities) to maintain standards of Unilever R2R includes PRC local financial reporting, BCS global financial reporting;
5.	Performed forecasting on monthly Operating Cash flow Forecast (OCF) for finance services under HPC, Foods, & IC of creditors and debtors to keep accuracy in ways of maintaining standard processes and KPIs, i.e. August forecast on October for debtor achieved 100% accuracy. 
6.	Performed variance analysis on actual and forecast in order to seek business process improving, i.e. HR social security prepayment clearance process;
7.	Managed proper internal control process consolidation and SOP in place, e.g. materials purchase, VAT invoices/fapiao analysis and management, and travel and expenses control;
8.	Closely communicated and lobby with Global management team and local functions for gap and exception close-ups from local P2P process studies without enhancing Global standardized compliance;
9.	Led in system implementations and integration with local functions i.e. SAP IM for Supplier Chain and HR etc.,
10.	Proactively engaged with process improvement and system review and set up;
11.	Ensured balance of efficiency and legal compliance i.e. Foreign payment legal requirement for local taxations and SAFE;
12.	Supervised due diligence during KT with third party finance services provider and design end to end process walkthrough;
13.	Frequently handled ad-hoc requests. Tasks include comparisons analysis on a position for China intercompany payables, analysis on financial impacts to financial shared services in accordance with changing local tax regimes, interpretations on PRC local accounting standards and IFRS to confirm our practical accounting treatment with our external auditor, etc.,

Report to: Director
Subordinates: Led a team of 4 (CN, HK, TW, JP) and supervise shared service center (IBM Dalian)
Motivation to leave: Looking for more senior position

2010/02 每 2012/05	PwC Consultants (Shenzhen) Limited Shanghai Branch
	Senior Consultant
Responsibilities:
1.	Specialized in financial analysis, internal control, and audit. Led many projects such as Diageo, Audi financial audit, and Hang Lung property etc.,
2.	Responsible for senior management and AOP setup, monthly flash analysis, market shares and operating profit analysis and forecasting for LVMH Diageo including P/L financial analysis and reporting on APAC＊s operations in the Investor Relations Reports (IRR) UK publishing to all investors for over 7 months;
3.	Responsible for auditing on numbers of Audi dealers in order to comply with internal control management by the manufacturer. Financial statements training are provided in accordance with requirements from the manufacturer by using ERP;
4.	Responsible for financial consolidations reporting and modeling design for Japan No.1 sales of personal care for Unicharm in China＊s expanded entities. Responsible for processes rectification to the entity＊s SAP accounting closing in accordance with the Japan group compliance requirements.
5.	Responsible for reconciliations and of inventory in China region for RIM who is a Canada Blackberry mobile handset manufacturer in order to comply with China Accounting Standards and Taxations;
6.	Responsible for assessing and reporting on internal control, processes, and IT system for the Plaza66 and the Grand Gateway under Hang Lung property group of a Hong Kong well known listed company;
7.	Responsible for constituting Standard of Process and followed by auditing on account receivables and account payables, organization structure, financial staff for a local well known affordable house developer group in Chong Qing which included
7.1	. Assessed on new accounting standards difference on deferred tax and profit to investing property;
7.2	. Improved procedures and controlled risk to the procurement department under the group.
8.	Assisted in assessing and analyzing investment projects for a theme park in Hainan by forming a revenue and cost financial model.
2006/02 每 2010/02	New Zealand Telecom Orb Communications Ltd
	Accounting Manager
Responsibilities:
1.	Managed daily financial operations and management, responsibilities on such as timely management reporting, all assets management reporting including CAPEX and OPEX, general ledger, income statements, balance sheet, and cash flow forecasting and analysis;
2.	Responsible for monthly and quarterly sales and rebate reviews. Established KPI for financial metrics e.g. quick ratio and ROI etc.,
3.	Responsible for monthly and annual tax compliance and communication with the bureau. Tax ranges from GST, corporate income tax, and other associated taxes matters;
4.	Responsible for forming and supervising all related key financial KPIs, such as sales KPI, ratios with inventory, and quick ratios etc.

Subordinates: Led a team of 2 (cashier and inventory manager) for 2 legal entity stores in Wellington

2003/07 每 2005/12	New Zealand Inland Revenue Department
	Tax Consultant
Responsibilities:
1.	Responsible for investigations on individual tax fraudulent and evasion which included GST, withholding tax, income tax, and PAYE etc; 
2.	Responsible for tax repayment settlement, advice on tax on individual and company;
3.	Worked on materials of transfer pricing for companies and communicated with the customs and other related departments.


Professional Skills
Language Skills	English: Excellent
Certification	New Zealand Associated Chartered Accountant (ACA);
Registered Member of NZICA;
ACCA registered
Additional	Excel modeling, i.e. functions, Pivot tables;
SAP, Hyperion, Essbase, DWBI etc.,
PRC accounting standards and knowledge of IFRS, i.e. IAS18;

RuiKu Evaluation	5-Excellent; 4-Good; 3-Acceptable; 2-To be improved; 1-Poor
Motivation	4		Comments
-	?Easy going, good communication skill
-	Good education background. Good English skill in oral and written
-	12 years finance management work experience
Skills	4		
Experience	4		
Communication	4		
Personality	4		
Overall	4		

 
 
