 	Jianjian Zhu 
Dimission, seeking for new job
Female | 35years | Shanghai | College | 13 Years of work experience | now salary:180,000CNY (15000CNY/Month * 15 Months)
Senior accountant | Natuzzi Trading (Shanghai) Company Limited   | Furniture/Home 
邮箱：zhujianjian0531@gmail.com 
手机：13621669646 
联系TA



| Job seeking intention
Accounting | Shanghai | 17-20k×15Months  
Wholesale/Retail;Medical Institutions


| Work Experience
Natuzzi Trading (Shanghai) Company Limited                                                	2019.02-2023.04 (4years2Months)
Senior accountant
Department：	Fiance	Report to：	CFO
Subordinates:		Location：	Shanghai
Salary:	15000 元/月 *15Months
Responsibility performance:
 1.Review and post outstanding journal entries to ensure accuracy and appropriate documentation，make adjustments and track accrual fees.
2.Manage and review AR, AP weekly work and ensure the aging is in control.
3.Ensure ROU, Fix Asset, Foreign Exchange and Capex report accuracy.
4.Responsible for monthly revenue and COGS report accuracy, analyze and address significant variances between actual purchase prices and standard costs.
5.Management Inventory and GIT report to ensure goods received accuracy.
6.Reconcile and eliminate intercompany balances and transactions.
7.Perform necessary closing entries to transfer income and expenses to retained earnings and finalize the general ledger for the next period.
8.Generate monthly and yearly closing schedule ensure the accuracy and timeliness of PRC and BPC report.
9.Maintain the relationship with government, include tax bureau, customs.
10.Ensure the timeliness of statistical and tax bureau report, responsible for tax declaration and relevant payment.
11.Support supply chain finish yearly stock take.
12.Provide support in external and internal audits in order to ensure that audits are completed in a timely manner.
13.Set up and generate the financial statement reports and import adjustment data in SAP to raise efficiency of monthly closing.

GSK                                                	2018.10-2019.02 (4Months)
Accountant
Department：		Report to：	
Subordinates:		Location：	
Salary:	
Responsibility performance:
 1.Create supplier and bank information maintenance in CERPS system.
2.Deal with SAP related permissions in CEPRS system, and add or delete granting access for employees according to the requirements of risk control in time.
3. According to the company's policy, deal with the change of billing and related information of suppliers in the system, so as to do the account entry and payment in time.
4.Regularly have the training for cerps authority and SLM training for new employees and colleagues of relevant departments, and update the PPT for explanation.
5.According to control policy, update ERP finance control framework level 1 and compile gsop.
6.Handle the problem of Po and non-po interface in workflow.
7.Fix the problem that Hcp or Hco cannot issue invoice in actual operation in SAP, and add tax code in the system module.
8.Modify, create, lock and unlock for Cost center and WBS, and other issues.
9.Maintenance of Supplier information of tax platform and order type list of SAP tax code. 

GCP Applied Technologies (China) Company Limited                                                	2017.05-2018.10 (1years5Months)
Accountant
Department：		Report to：	
Subordinates:		Location：	
Salary:	
Responsibility performance:
 1.Work closely with sales associates and customers on Billing/AR collection/Sales; Handle balance reconciliation with customers at least annually or base on request from customers.
2.Manage bank drafts and update worksheet in the system.Prepare and inform MOC team all transactions in sap system accurately and timely and keep all transactions related with Sales & AR in compliance corporate policies.
3. Monthly bank statement reconciliation and bank draft management.Review E-bank payment details.
4. Checking commission with CS team and sales team.
5. Provide and update customer credit files.
6. Handle the month end closing reconciliations.
7. Working out cash forecast and continue to enhance accuracy.
8. Support Finance team members with ad-hoc assignments.


Shanghai Yum Town Food Company Limited                                                	2016.10-2017.02 (4Months)
Finance BP
Department：		Report to：	
Subordinates:		Location：	
Salary:	
Responsibility performance:
 1.Accurate and timely review and processing of all order types resulting in license delivery.
2.Ensure all approvals required are received in advance of the completion of any transaction.
3.Work with finance dept. for VAT invoice daily importing & exporting & printing.
4.Ensure all contract attachments meet Revenue Accounting requirements or refer to management.
5.Builds a portfolio of shopper, market, and industry knowledge that is used for insight on trends to develop business and access to salers and senior managers.
6.Make weekly, monthly and quarterly sales analysis report, tracking index, find business problems timely, and communicate with business departments.


Guotai Investment Holdings Limited                                                	2014.06-2016.04 (1years10Months)
Accountant
Department：		Report to：	
Subordinates:		Location：	
Salary:	
Responsibility performance:
 1.Organize all kinds of meeting, update director’s working calendar & track very closely.
2.Provide interpretive and predictive financial information and analysis to support business decision.
3.Provide general support to the management for strategic marketing decision making and other marketing activities as financail deparment required.
4.Responsible for the construction and maintenance of the financial information system.
5.Maitain proper filling for sales contracts with timely follow up for contract validity and completeness.
6.Make weekly, monthly and quarterly sales analysis report, tracking index, find business problems timely, and communicate with business departments.
7.Other secretarial work.


Guotai Investment Holdings Limited                                                	2013.10-2014.06 (8Months)
Compliance Specialist
Department：		Report to：	
Subordinates:		Location：	
Salary:	
Responsibility performance:
 1. Participate and maintain the internal audit system and process (mainly join in company internal purchasing process design);
2. Review the department purchasing process to meet company conduct regularly ;
3. Responsible for the first level of review in the audit process, through a comprehensive review to control audit quality;
4. Assist the audit team leader found the defects of internal control by internal audit, give optimization advices, so as to improve the internal control system;
5. To assist the audit manager through the implementation of internal control, internal audit evaluation and supervision and execution of internal control system;
6. Participate in other project of internal audit work;
7. To assist with outside audits.


Edunburgh Elevator (Shanghai) Company Limited                                                	2010.07-2013.07 (3years)
Cost Accounting Specialist
Department：		Report to：	
Subordinates:		Location：	
Salary:	
Responsibility performance:
 1.Responsible for ensuring all receipts in EPR system are correctly consistent with the writing documents.
2. Review quantity, unit price, amount of invoices and do accounting documents in ERP.
3. Combine entry list with push list, update and maintain materials latest price in ERP.
4. Keep complete material accounting monthly and estimate the cost of raw materials, calculate the difference in material costs.
5. Scan invoices on eTax and make sure the invoices are receipted timely, correctly and appropriately.
6. Review details of transportation invoices are as same as ledgers of logistic department.
7. Perform costing requirements for monthly close of financial accounts. Reconcile with accounting documents in supply chain of ERP.
8.Conducting material audit with relevent departments, in accordance with audit schedule regularly. Recording audit results and complete audit report.
9. Audit payment applications of suppliers.
10. Maintain the finance module of OA system.




| Educational Experience
Shanghai University  International Accounting·College·统招	2007.09-2010.06


| Languages
English（CET6、Negotiation） ，Korean（Threshold） ，Mandarin 


| My Skill
金蝶软件、用友、sap系统


| Self-description
An energetic and dedicated accountant, keen to fuel my career in the field of Accounting and Finance which can offer skill development and career growth. Being outgoing, positive and genuine, possessed of strong ability of coordination and adaption; having a strong analytical bent of mind and a love for problem solving to contribute towards the betterment of the organization and self-growth. And able to complete tasks through to the end. I am willing to contribute my personal strength and professional skills gained from previous experience.


| Additional Information



声明：该人选信息仅供公司招聘使用，严禁以招聘以外的任何目的使用人选信息或利用猎聘平台及人选信息从事任何违法违规活动。 否则，猎聘有权单方决定采取包括但不限于删除发布内容，限制、暂停使用，终止合作永久封禁账户等措施。
操作时间：2024.01.02 12:16:15  操作人：1651626

