

朱彤
求职意向：会计邮箱：blair021@126.com手机：13817602045微信：765853779
教育背景 
. 2018.02-2019.12研究生莫纳什大学银行金融 . 2013.09 -2017.06本科河南大学会计

工作经历
2023.4-至今施坦威钢琴亚太有限公司总账会计 
.负责日常会计核算工作，账务处理，编制相关财务报表； .负责月末结账并编制月度报告 .税务申报及出口退税 .关联公司对账 .统计局报告、企业工商年报等报告 
2022.06-2023.3施坦威钢琴亚太有限公司零售业务会计 
.零售收款确认，与零售业务同事确认销售订单并完成系统发货流程，管理零售合同、验收单及委托单。 .月末与各零售店同事进行销售数量统计核对，沟通客户发票适宜，并负责分公司与总公司结算对账、开具发票等。 .每月按合同条款计提、支付零售店租金物业费用及其票据的回收核销。 .根据每月销售额计算零售业务人员佣金、支持人员奖金，并进行预提及调整。 .收付款账务处理、预收账款调整、税金调整、费用预提等部分总账凭证。 .负责八家分公司的税务申报、进项税核对及转出等事宜。 .月末零售店库存和物料盘点。 .负责分公司设立、开户、税务登记等新设分公司相关事宜。 
2020.08-2022.05施坦威钢琴亚太有限公司会计助理 
.审核付款申请及报销，确保单据的完整性、合规性及准确性，定期与同事确认备用金数额，协助领导修订报销付款制度和流程，为新入职员工培训公司报销及付款政策及流程。 
.与客户（批发+零售）和业务部门核对收款金额及对应的销售订单，每日制作收款台帐及对账工作。 .负责日常银行、现金收付，购汇、跨境汇款、月末银行对账等银行相关业务。 .增值税发票申领和开具、外币发票开具、进项认证。 .收付款账务处理、月末对账。 .整理及装订凭证、合同归档。 
2018.12-2019.02普华永道中天会计师事务所审计实习生 
.主要参与了 2018年度上海浦东发展银行的审计项目。 .帮助负责人整理并核对审计数据，编制审计工作底稿。 
.协助进行函证选样，运用 SDC系统制作询证函，与第三方客户核对信息并对特定第三方进行面函。 
2016.01-2016.02香港安盛集团实习生 
.帮助客户理解财务知识和投资常识，了解客户投资信息，并做跟踪分析，协助客户规避风险。 .全面了解客户的财务状况和需求，根据客户投资偏好，结合股票、基金、保险构建最优投资组合；协同团队为客户量身定制投资方案，最后获得“最佳团队”称号。



个人评价 
.抗压能力强，可以同时并高效完成多项工作，并且擅长对各项工作设置优先级，可以很好协调自己的工作时间。 .严谨细心，善于发现数字和单据中的问题并解决，工作准确性很高。 .团队协作能力强，和各部门同事保持友好关系，并擅长与银行、税局、客户等进行有效沟通并保持良好关系。 .学习能力强，能够很快接手一项新工作，在没有交接的情况下可以自我学习并完全上手。

证书及特长 
.初级会计证书； .优秀学生奖学金； .钢琴业余水平八级证书； 
.英语四六级； .全国大学生英语竞赛三等奖； .熟练使用 office相关软件。





Tong Zhu
Job Intension：Accountant blair021@126.com 13817602045 
EDUCATION 
. Feb 2018 — Dec 2019 Monash University Masterof Banking and Finance 
. Sep 2013 — Jun 2017 Henan University Bachelor of Accounting 


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
Apr 2023 Up To Now Steinway & Sons General Ledger Accountant 
. Responsible for daily accounting work,financial processing, and preparation of relevant financial statements. 
. Responsible for month end closingand preparing monthly reports. 
. Taxdeclaration and export tax refund. 
. Intercompanyreconciliation. 
. StatisticalBureau Report, Enterprise Business Annual Report. 
Jun2022 -Mar2023 Steinway&Sons RetailAccountant 

. Confirm the retail collection, confirm the sales order with the retail business colleagues and complete the system delivery process, manage the retailcontract, acceptance formand delivery order. 
. At the end of the month, comfirm sales and invoices with retail colleagues, be responsible for the settlement reconciliationand invoicing between branches and headoffice. 
. Accrue and pay therental and management fees of retailstores accordingto the terms of the contractevery month. 
. Calculate the commission of retail sales people and the bonus of supporting team based on monthly sales volume, and make accrual and adjustment. 
. Bookkeeping for collection and payment, some general ledger vouchers such as advance payment adjustment, tax adjustment,expense accrual, etc. 
. Responsible for tax declaration of eight branches,input VAT check and transfer out. 
. Inventoryand material check of retail storesat the endof the month. 
. Beresponsible for the branch establishment,account opening,and tax registration etc. 
Aug2020-May2022 Steinway&Sons AccountingAssistant 

. Reviewed the payment request and reimbursement, ensure the completeness, compliance and accuracy of the documents, petty cash reconciliation, assisted FM to revise the reimbursement and payment process, and trained the company's reimbursementand payment policy and process for new employees. 
. Checked the collection amount and corresponding sales orders with customers (wholesale+retail) and business departments, and prepared daily collection account and reconciliation. 
. Been responsible for daily cash receipts and payments, foreign exchange purchase, cross-border remittance, month-end bankreconciliation and otherbank-related issues. 
. Issued VAT invoices and foreign currency invoices, and input VAT certification. 
. Bookkeeping for collection and payment, month-end reconciliation. 
. Sorted and binded accounting docucments. 
Dec2018-Feb2019 PwC Intern 

. Participatedin the audit project ofShanghai Pudong Development Bank in 2018; 
. Assisted to process and checkaudit data, prepared auditworking paper; 
. Assisted with confirmation sampling and produced letters of confirmation by using SDC system, contacted and verified informationwith third party customersand mailed theletters of confirmationto third parties. 



Jan 2016 -Feb 2016 AXA Group Intern 
. 
Helped customers understand financial knowledge and investment common sense, fully communicated with customers to understand their investment information and conducted tracking analysis to help customers avoid risks. 

. 
Fully understood customers' financial status and needs and built the optimal investment portfolio based on customers' investment preferences by combining stocks, funds and insurances; Cooperated with the team to customize the investment plan forcustomers, and finally won the title of "best team". 


Self-evaluation 
. 
Strong ability to work under pressure, can complete multiple tasks efficiently, and is good at setting priorities for various tasks, and can coordinate my schedule well. 

. 
Be rigorous and careful, be goodat findingand solving problems, and workwith high accuracy. 

. 
Strong teamwork ability, friendly relationship with colleagues, and goodat communication. 

. 
Strong learning ability, be able to take over a new job quickly, 


HONOR AND ABILITY 
. 
Junior Level Accountant . Proficient in Office software & NAV 

. 
The third prize in National college student English contest . CET-4 CET-6 

. 
The 8thlevel qualification in piano performance . Excellent Student Fellowship 






