LauraResume
Laura, Wang Rong 
1992-01-08£¬Shanghai Mobile£º15000977637 Email£ºlaura920108@hotmail.com 
Summary 
. 8 years working experience in finance, including 4 years AR working experience in 
retail industry, experience in SAP system and E-commerce system. . Cheerful personality, good at communication, self-motivated, strong work stability. . Medium Level Accountant & CET 6 & CPA -Economic law& Audit 
Versace 
Senior Accountant-APAC IC 2022.08.29-till now . Responsible for Great China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan sales and purchase 
between each foreign region. . Check logistics system (Stealth) for inventory, and issue debit/credit note, and invoices. . Prepare for Taiwan export declaration to audit. . Monthly check Tagetik system with each foreign region and Oracle entry from reporting 
team. . Prepare SOX for inventory part and inter-company aging. . Responsible for leasing system (Costar), follow up APAC retail stores information, 
including new opening, termination, relocation, renewal, early termination, etc. . As a key user for SAP and Hyperion system go live 
Jing An Kerry Center 
Senior accountant, 2019/09-2022.4.29 
. Responsible for 120 tenants in the shopping mall on fixed rent, turnover rent, management fees and etc. Reconcile receivable balance on a timely basis in JDE system and issue VAT invoice. 
. Audit contract (new/renew/early termination leasing stores and pop up stores) . AR Aging report, consolidate and analysis revenue status to management level . Preparing closing reports, filing documentations with review and follow ups. 
UnderArmour 
Operation Accountant£¬2017/04-2019/09 
Retail£º
. Responsible for 40 leasing stores and 40 consignment stores daily maintenance, accrual sales commissions and check with statement. 
. Check the revenue with retail system Prism and SAP, confirm inter-branch AR/AP invoice and credit memo. Produce aging report and follow up with the overdue reasons. 
. Deliver a training for new store manager on finance part. Ensuring that financial transactions are recorded in compliance with local and US GAAP regulation with full 
LauraResume
SOX compliance. E-commerce£º. Responsible for JD and T-mall. Interact with TP team to identify gaps between 
process and reality. . Monitoring month end closing with full reconciliation with customer/Baozun . Daily refund on Alipay, Wechat and PayPal. Others£º
. Attend SAP project go live, as super user on AR function to finish some tests. 
Swatch Group 
Accountant£¬2016/04-2017/04 
Daily and closing£º
. Take charge of 30 normal store, reconcile and match bank receipt with open AR interfaced from store RMS into SAP timely. 
. Follow up open AR for the sales that consumer using shopping card with landlord, and collect the money within due date. 
. Reconcile store cash balance between RMS and SAP , and landlord¡¯s statement with our booking on monthly basis. 
. Make monthly accrual for commission rental and any other expense. Follow up expense invoices with landlord, filing in time and collect money within due day. 
Reporting£º
. Conduct commission rental analysis at month-end, ensure correct booking. Prepare balance sheet analysis for AR responsible accounts, clear up outstanding items. 
. Prepare AR aging report on regular basis, communicate with relevant person to learn the overdue reason. 
Tax£º
. Conduct Monthly tax return including CT/BT/VAT & stamp duty purchase for responsible CFS & legal entity; 
. Prepare tax assessment package for non-trade remittance and withholding tax returns for related legal entities 
. Prepare tax reasonable test workings for related legal entities (every half year) 
Modern Media Group 
Accountant£¬2014/04-2016/04 
. Audit the operating costs, and control the risk of tax. 
. Prepare the settlement of account payables (including customer and overseas payment) 
. Responsible for asset booking, invoice verification, and run the monthly assets depreciation 
